Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind
> A users database will store user data (names, who they follow, and music they have listened to). A basic general Collaborative Filtering style method will be used to recommend music the user hasn’t heard yet, based on the tags, and music listened to by people they follow.

What other data could you use to improve recommendations?
> - Amount of plays for a specific song
-  a like/dislike system
- whether or not a song has been added to a playlist
- whether or not a song has been skipped many times vs. plays
- song tempo/mood

Assume a more real world situation where you could have more data you described above, and more time to implement, could you think of a possibly more efficient way to recommend?
> Songs disliked by followers wouldn’t be recommended. If a song is often skipped after being played, it would be less likely to be recommended. A low tempo song in the same genre would be less likely to be recommended if a user only listens to faster music in that genre.

Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?
> I would check if a recommendation led to a play of the song, if the song was liked/disliked or skipped.

--

How long did this assignment take?
> I lost track of time...it took a lot longer than I would have liked. There was a lot for me to learn in a short amount of time. I was a bit delayed due to working long hours and not having enough time available for the assignment. Since the tools were new to me, I spent many, many hours reading through documentation, writing test code to help me understand how things work, and how I will be able to implement them. My closest guess would be 30 - 35 hours...perhaps slightly more. With the knowledge I gained, I could do it in a fraction of that.

Where would be the bottlenecks of this solution you have implemented?
> It will likely get bogged down when the music collection grows in both size and diversity, as it is querying the entire collection, and then filtering the results.

What was the hardest part?
> The last 10%, including follow's and making sure the recommendations are mostly relevant.

Did you learn something new?
> I learned a LOT!
- I learned how to use Git (and .gitignore so as to not commit 2000 unnecessary files to the repo!).
- The basics of setting up, querying and modifying a mongoDB.
- Basics of Node.js, express, and Mocha.

> This has been a fantastic learning experience for me. It has definitely helped me grow as a developer.

Do you feel that your skills were well tested?
> A solid YES!
